other, carry, Like many Atlas 5 launches, a little payload space is available for small satellites carrying experiments aboard CubeSats.
other, take, 	Whilst the overall result was disappointing, there were numerous positives to take out of the match.	Scott Selwood made his return from a foot injury and got through the match unscathed.
active, need, 	Selwood finished with 23 disposals, four clearances and four tackles in limited game time.	“(Selwood) got a bit of the ball, which was tough going as a midfielder, I think Scooter got what he needed out of today’s game,” O’Bree said.
other, need, 	“I thought (Bews) was one of our better players, consistent on the day, tried to use the ball effectively and tried to do what he needed to do,” O’Bree said.
active, push, 	Rhys Stanley also pushed his case for a senior recall, dominating in the ruck whilst having a strong impact around the ground.
other, know, 	Editas Medicine, a company at the forefront of developing the gene-editing technology known as CRISPR, has raised $120 million to create new treatments for conditions including cancer, retinal disease, and sickle-cell anemia.
other, take, T cells taken from a patient could be edited and then infused back into a patient’s body, for example—an approach that Editas is developing through a partnership with Juno.
active, take, Editas scientists have taken retinal cells out of patients with LCA10 and used CRISPR to give those cells proteins that function—in the lab, for now.
active, like, Parents worried about cuts to school foreign-language programs were told by education chief Carmen Fariña that, if they don't like it, they should buy the pricey audio course Rosetta Stone.	The schools chancellor slapped down concerns about the loss of language classes at a recent town hall meeting to discuss the effectiveness of dual-language programs and second-language learning in Uptown's District 6.
other, need, 	Fariña also noted that Rosetta Stone can be "integrated" into after-school programs.	"All you need is the use of a computer room and laptops," she said.
other, need, 	Fariña — who also highlighted her family’s travels to Spain and Miami and told how she emphasizes learning a second language to her grandchildren — said parents need to take the lead in how their children learn about different languages and cultures, and not just leave it to teachers.
other, take, 	Fariña — who also highlighted her family’s travels to Spain and Miami and told how she emphasizes learning a second language to her grandchildren — said parents need to take the lead in how their children learn about different languages and cultures, and not just leave it to teachers.
other, carry, For her part, Fariña said the dual-language programs have proven effective, and she's hoping that next year the number of schools carrying them will double.
other, know, They were relatively early in their careers compared to Thrush, who was the kind of seasoned journalist who would be good to know.
other, require, Any account with a balance below the minimum required to transact once per week would be unable to transact.
active, earn, 	Basically, this is the same business model as my bank account: everything is free as long as you have at least $5000 in your account, and you let the bank earn interest off of it and pay you 0.05...um, I mean 0.00%.
active, know, 	Because there's still a rate limit, and that rate limit is still proportional to how much you put in (if you want to have 2x more transaction processing capacity, you could at the very least get two accounts), and as we've known since at least Bastiat the time value of money is itself worth money, this is basically an incredibly roundabout transaction fee scheme, and so it raises the question: are there other somewhat less roundabout transaction fee schemes that would also do the trick?
active, help, "It's good to have my parents and my girlfriend to help me a lot, to help my mind be OK and try to, you know, not kill myself.
other, help, "It's good to have my parents and my girlfriend to help me a lot, to help my mind be OK and try to, you know, not kill myself.
other, know, "It's good to have my parents and my girlfriend to help me a lot, to help my mind be OK and try to, you know, not kill myself.
other, take, Emotion, hopefully, will take over in terms of having a pretty solid game for us."
other, need, I need to try to get my confidence back, game feeling in all situations.
active, require, 	Security officials are preparing for massive protests during Trump’s visit, which The Times reported will require unprecedented security.
active, carry, “The vehicle which carries the president of the United States is a spectacular vehicle.
other, take, He has stretched the Secret Service thin and spent millions in American taxpayer funds to protect his family and to take frequent weekend trips to his estate in Florida.
other, know, 	Trump, known to obsess over imagery and the way he appears on television, toyed with the idea of having military equipment in his inaugural parade.
active, see, You can see Volume 5 of the Mailbag here, where I answer questions about the Magic’s draft needs and what the Magic need to go after in free agency.
other, need, You can see Volume 5 of the Mailbag here, where I answer questions about the Magic’s draft needs and what the Magic need to go after in free agency.
active, see, Last year saw 86 murders per 100,000 people according to the National Autonomous University.
other, see, That was about the same as in 2011, but more than double the Central American average—itself among the highest in the world (see chart).
other, know, Some of the violence comes from gangs known as maras, which migrants form in jails in the United States and remain members of in Central America after they are deported.
active, take, It will take a decade fully to restore faith in the police, which had “fallen into total discredit”, admits Héctor Mejía, the force’s spokesman.
active, take, Many Hondurans are taking protective measures into their own hands.
other, help, A free-trade deal with Central America and the United States has helped to attract maquila factories and call-centres, and to protect investments from political turbulence.
active, need, If Honduras is to halt its spiral of decline, it desperately needs strong democratic leadership and an end to its political splits.
other, need, 	"It is a big task for the WhatsApp and Facebook teams and this is a product they will need to focus on and really build as a community, but if there are missteps along the way then all that goodwill will be a sorely missed resource," he said.
active, profit, This year, the social network giant profited $806 million in its third quarter, nearly double its total from the same period a year ago.
passive, carry, 	A shooting at a Munich shopping centre which left nine people dead was carried out by one gunman who then killed himself, German police have said.
passive, know, Munich police chief Hubertus Andrae told the news conference early on Saturday that the suspect had not been known to police and there were no known links to terror groups, although investigations were continuing.
other, know, Munich police chief Hubertus Andrae told the news conference early on Saturday that the suspect had not been known to police and there were no known links to terror groups, although investigations were continuing.
active, see, 	The reports of three suspected attackers came when witnesses saw two people leaving the scene in a car "at considerable speed", but they were later confirmed not to be involved, he added.	"The motive or explanation for this crime is completely unclear," he said.
active, see, 	Mr Zequiri said he hid in a shop but when he left he saw bodies of the dead and wounded on the ground.
active, need, US President Barack Obama said the US would give "all the support that they may need in dealing with these circumstances".
active, take, 	umad?	turns out u guys dont own us	the community fights back	we wont take your s***	u ban us from ur game	u hide your codes	u run	stop	its time for the community to take over	you let idiots like elf and raider run your servers and you expect security	you expect me to run away from a home ipd box	i lold.
other, take, 	umad?	turns out u guys dont own us	the community fights back	we wont take your s***	u ban us from ur game	u hide your codes	u run	stop	its time for the community to take over	you let idiots like elf and raider run your servers and you expect security	you expect me to run away from a home ipd box	i lold.
other, last, Today RaideR received this email:Of course this is going to have some long lasting and major impact on how Urban Terror is developed going forward.
other, like, In addition we would like to make the following statement.
passive, take, The source code for 4.2 was taken and published without consent and the theft has been reported to law enforcement.
other, know, 	March/April 2003	Title: “What bush didn’t want you to know about Iraq”
active, take, Since the national media never picked up the story, The Humanist took my story nationwide.
active, carry, The major media still hasn’t carried the story.
other, know, We now know that these weapons no longer existed. And that the Bush administration was able to hijack the U.S. into war based on a combination of misinformation and missing information.
active, carry, Aaron Rosenberg, the one-time executive vice president of sales for Redflex Traffic Systems, claimed in court filings that he was “carrying out orders’’ from the company’s executives and Board of Directors when he bribed officials in at least 13 states, including Massachusetts.	Redflex, which denies Roesenberg’s claims, had a company-wide practice of “lavishly providing customers, including government officials, with perquisites and gifts in various forms,’’ Rosenberg claimed in suit against the company.
active, take, He said the bribes often took the form of meals, golf outings and tickets to sporting events.
other, see, He wanted to see who Jesus was, but because he was short he could not see over the crowd.
other, see, He wanted to see who Jesus was, but because he was short he could not see over the crowd.
other, see, 4 So he ran ahead and climbed a sycamore-fig tree to see him, since Jesus was coming that way.
active, see, All the people saw this and began to mutter, “He has gone to be the guest of a sinner.”	8
other, see, 	USAF C-130J #08-3174 from 40 AS seen recovering to Nellis AFB during MAFEX 11-1 on May 18, 2011.
active, push, "The investigation team pushed an intense fact-finding investigation to understand what happened on Oct. 2, 2015, and to honor all whose lives were cut short.
active, push, "The investigation team pushed an intense fact-finding investigation to understand what happened on Oct. 2, 2015, and to honor all whose lives were cut short.
active, drop, FILE PHOTO - A poll worker places a mail-in ballot into a voting box as voters drop off their ballot in the U.S. presidential primary election in San Diego, California, United States, June 7, 2016.
active, like, 	The new date will leave the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary in place as the first and second contests of the presidential election cycle, during which voters in each state choose the candidate they would like their party to nominate for president.
other, need, “When it comes to deciding the Democratic nominee, our voices need to be heard early in the process.”
passive, hear, “When it comes to deciding the Democratic nominee, our voices need to be heard early in the process.”
other, see, These days, it’s hard to avoid the news: America is facing a crisis unlike any seen before.
active, see, I have never, in fifteen years of reporting, seen a non-governmental party argue for the right to interfere in a Freedom of Information Act release of government documents.
other, see, It’s saddening to see an academic institution set this precedent.
other, see, It's not all that uncommon to see government agencies try to refuse to release information that is subject to a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request -- but to have a non-governmental third party jump into a FOIA request to seek to block the info from being released?
other, help, MIT's concern -- as it was in a separate legal fight concerning releasing the evidence used against Aaron -- is apparently that the released documents will reveal which MIT employees helped with the investigation, and that could lead to unwarranted harassment.
other, take, His pronouncement followed a particularly egregious season of Hollywood “whitewashing” and now, nearly a year since he set that goal, the Step Up director intends to deliver, but finding a “cream-of-the-crop Asian cast” has proven to take some time.
active, require, There, she meets her partner’s mother, his Hong Kong-bred cousin, and another cousin from London, among many other roles that require actors to adeptly speak with a British or Singaporean accent on top of having what Chu describes as an X factor.
other, know, “When you have a wide range of characters that you’re supposed to find, they’re not going to be people you know necessarily,” Chu said.
active, need, Chu's search for Asian male leads has been particularly challenging, because he needs five of them.
active, see, Constance Wu at the 68th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards	“Even though we’ve seen thousands of professional actors and now thousands of new people who want to pursue acting … it is still very difficult,” Chu said.
other, know, “When we started to develop this movie, I always had her in mind but didn’t know if she would ever do it,” Chu said of Wu.
active, know, “She wrote an email to me and said, ‘I know there are some logistical things that are in our way, but I keep thinking about the book …
passive, hear, So far, he’s heard a range of opinions, though he thinks limiting his cast to solely those of Chinese descent would be “a ridiculous ask.”
active, take, “That would take out so many opportunities for so many Asian actors.
other, need, We have US soldiers being played by British dudes and superheroes — very American superheroes — being played by other people, so why do [Asian-Americans] need to have that kind of restriction?”
active, see, And he understands why some see the need for ethnicity-specific casting, citing the problem of Memoirs of a Geisha, which features three Chinese actors as Japanese women.
other, know, The scandal, known as “Bridgegate,” caused traffic delays that affected emergency vehicles responding to calls, and significantly longer trips for commuters.
active, take, Opening statements in the case took place Monday morning, and prosecutors let out a little bombshell.
other, know, They claimed that Gov. Christie knew about the plot when it was happening in 2013.
active, see, 	When he saw a man shooting at students as they were leaving the Littleton, Colorado, school on Tuesday, "What was going through my mind," Benke said, "was that I promised."
passive, take, The students wounded Tuesday, a boy and a girl, were taken to Littleton Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries, a sheriff's office spokeswoman said.
active, know, Eastwood's father, War Eagle Eastwood, told KUSA that his son had struggled with mental illness, was behind on bills and couldn't hold a job because of his "not really knowing what he's doing half the time."
active, hear, His son, who heard voices, tried to seek help, he said, but had no money to pay for it.
active, know, "We know he did that much, but then we know he left, and that was all we knew at that point."
active, know, "We know he did that much, but then we know he left, and that was all we knew at that point."
other, know, "We know he did that much, but then we know he left, and that was all we knew at that point."
other, hear, 	Assistant Principal Becky Brown told reporters she ran outside after hearing "the pop" and saw Benke tackle the suspect.
other, see, 	Assistant Principal Becky Brown told reporters she ran outside after hearing "the pop" and saw Benke tackle the suspect.
active, see, "When I saw Dr. Benke and the look on his face, I knew that we needed to help," she said.
active, know, "When I saw Dr. Benke and the look on his face, I knew that we needed to help," she said.
other, need, "When I saw Dr. Benke and the look on his face, I knew that we needed to help," she said.
other, help, "When I saw Dr. Benke and the look on his face, I knew that we needed to help," she said.
other, take, Also, get the writing juices flowing; then head back to take out that writer’s block.
other, help, 	Why it works: reading about how someone conquers their own issues will only help encourage you to do the same with yours.
other, see, 5. Ask a friend	Have a friend look at your writing and see if he/she has some input or even some words of encouragement.
other, need, Even if they just say it was good, that might be enough positive reinforcement you need to wage ahead.
other, hear, 	Why it works: Different scenery will change what you hear and see, which may help you need to overcome your struggles.
other, see, 	Why it works: Different scenery will change what you hear and see, which may help you need to overcome your struggles.
active, help, 	Why it works: Different scenery will change what you hear and see, which may help you need to overcome your struggles.
other, need, 	Why it works: Different scenery will change what you hear and see, which may help you need to overcome your struggles.
active, strengthen, The authors of the report recommended that lawmakers strengthen federal and state-level laws to explicitly protect against housing, employment and public accommodation discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
other, require, “Eliminating the injustice and the financial penalties facing LGBT Americans of color simply requires that they, and their families, be treated equally under the law,” the report said.
other, hear, You’re about to hear quite a lot—again—about the Republican National Committee’s “Growth and Opportunity Project.”
active, take, It will likely take the utter repudiation of the approach that the party took in 2016 to focus Republican voters on the prescription the party’s leaders acknowledged was necessary in 2012.
active, take, It will likely take the utter repudiation of the approach that the party took in 2016 to focus Republican voters on the prescription the party’s leaders acknowledged was necessary in 2012.
other, benefit, In November, the Republican Party may actually benefit from the kind of thrashing it needs to get back on course.
other, need, In November, the Republican Party may actually benefit from the kind of thrashing it needs to get back on course.
active, see, Belgium pulls three points clear of Croatia after beating Serbia 2-1 in Brussels	Expected to collect three points against Scotland, Croatia loses 1-0 at home	Portugal ends Russia's perfect record with a 1-0 victory in Lisbon	Striker Mario Balotelli sees red in Italy's 0-0 draw at the Czech Republic	Belgian defender Vincent Kompany said this week there would be a "commotion" in Belgium if his country failed to qualify for next year's World Cup.
active, take, 	Ukraine took the lead early in the second half -- after being reduced to 10 men -- with Montenegro then having two players dismissed as its frustration grew.	Montenegro leads the group with 14 points, two more than England and three more than Ukraine but with a game more played.	Away wins for Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, over Latvia and Lithuania, respectively, leave Bosnia-Herzegovina three points ahead of Greece in Group G.	More trouble for Mario	Although in little danger of not qualifying from Group B, there was a sour note for Italy in its 0-0 draw at the Czech Republic.
active, carry, 	During the high tide of “squadrismo,” members of the Fasci Italiani di Combattimento movement, who would form the official Fascist party by 1922, mobilized tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands, of Italian men who carried out thousands of acts of brutal violence within their own communities and neighboring cities, towns, villages, and hamlets.
other, take, The Socialists had virtually “taken over,” and the liberal state appeared to have lost control of law and order.
passive, know, Late at night, 10, 30, or even 100 Blackshirts, as these squad members became known, sometimes traveling from neighboring towns, might surround a home, inviting a Socialist, anarchist, or Communist outside to talk.
active, know, In small towns, where everyone knew everyone, Fascists inflicted ritual humiliation on their enemies, a powerful strategy of terror understood by all.
other, require, Any retreat, any return to normalcy, would have required dealing with potentially serious legal and psychological consequences.13
other, push, Fascists had thus successfully pushed for, and attained, a system in which state agents and political leaders tolerated and even legitimized illegal right-wing violence inflicted on Socialists, Communists, Catholic Popolari, and anti-Fascist liberal moderates.
other, take, By taking the portfolio of minister of the Interior for himself, he controlled the Italian police.24
other, see, See Angelo Ventrone, La seduzione totalitaria: Guerra, modernita`, violenza politica, 1914–1918 (Rome, 2003), 211–54.	2.
other, see, See Corner, Fascism in Ferrara, 76–84; and Lyttelton, “Fascism and Violence,” 259.	5.
other, see, On the overstatement of “red violence,” see Reichardt, Faschistische Kampfbu ̈ nde, 70–1.	6.
other, see, See Lupo, Il fascismo, 68–70.	9.
other, see, On home invasions, see Partito Socialista Italiano, Inchiesta socialista sulle gesta dei fascisti in Italia (Milan, 1963), esp. 21–4; see also Franzinelli, Squadristi, 73.	10.
other, see, On home invasions, see Partito Socialista Italiano, Inchiesta socialista sulle gesta dei fascisti in Italia (Milan, 1963), esp. 21–4; see also Franzinelli, Squadristi, 73.	10.
other, see, On the support of provincial elites, see Corner, Fascism in Ferrara, 113–15; Cardoza, Agrarian Elites and Italian Fascism, 309–10; Snowden, Fascist Revolution in Tuscany, 56–7, 226n158.
other, see, For examples of moderate and conservative press coverage, see Alberghi, Il Fascismo in Emilia Romagna, 267–8.	16.
other, see, On violence and March on Rome, see Albanese, Marcia su Roma, 117–18.	22.
other, see, Characteristically coy, and perhaps uncharacteristically restrained, Trump bid the press wait and see what would happen.
other, see, 	This anxiety cuts to the core of the project of empire in amerika, as the people are coming to see the writing on the wall: a new, deeper crisis is coming.
active, know, A statement that we never thought would be uttered in the 1990’s, when the world seemed to be truly falling apart as we knew it, is now treated as absolute fact.
other, last, Trump is right, this is the calm before the storm, and we have no idea how long it may last.
passive, see, However, such a crisis had not been seen in decades up until that point, and then after an 18-year party in the west, we had the first global micro-crisis.
other, take, If we zoom out and take a look at the world situation as it is currently developing, we see an existing—not just looming—conflagration in the Third World.
active, see, If we zoom out and take a look at the world situation as it is currently developing, we see an existing—not just looming—conflagration in the Third World.
active, see, We have seen the decline of supranational authority—Negriists be damned—and the aggressive rebirth of multipolarity threatening to tear the world apart at the seams.
active, take, 	With the degradation of supranational power has come the aggressive multipolarity previously mentioned, wherein the UN has now taken a backseat to the “big persons” discussion and brawling.
other, take, Where competing powers once made demands, they now simply take.
other, take, Such is the case in the various territorial disputes between amerikan imperialists and China, which now utilizes its status as a world power to simply take what it wants.
other, need, That is not to justify amerikan claims or that of its puppets, but simply to demonstrate that the emerging world powers no longer need to utilize the UN when something must be settled.
other, take, Albeit with the support of the people, the Russian government decided to simply take what they considered theirs, and to promote its authenticity post facto.
passive, hit, Primarily, this has been aimed toward the DPRK, which has been hit with an increasing load of sanctions every single time it lifts a finger toward independence—evidence still of the fragility of the world system.
active, remember, However, let us remember that the Third International was brought into its founding congress with a majority of those in attendance being quasi-social democrats and anti-authoritarians.
active, take, It took two world wars to consolidate a world wherein just 1/3rd was socialist.
active, need, What we need now more than ever are high-agency comrades who are willing and ready to take real initiative in building the revolutionary center.
other, take, What we need now more than ever are high-agency comrades who are willing and ready to take real initiative in building the revolutionary center.
active, see, The fire rises, let us see it consume the world.
other, see, Forty-four years ago, Sir Alf Ramsey's World Cup winners sported an ensemble with thin lapels and narrow trousers - a look England manager Fabio Capello was keen to see repeated.
active, hit, 	The reports on Monday showed economic activity was on weak footing even before a 16-day partial shutdown of the U.S. federal government early in October that is expected to weigh on fourth quarter growth.	“The economy seems to be losing steam as higher mortgage rates have hit the housing market and destructive government policy will likely bash the rest of the economy,” said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisers in Holland, Pennsylvania.
other, drop, 	The decline was the largest since May 2010.	The index, which leads home resales by a month or two, has now dropped for four straight months.
other, drop, Realtors believe home resales, which dropped in September, peaked in July and August.
other, push, For example, a closely watched gauge from the Institute for Supply Management has been pushing higher since contracting in May.
other, see, See the Tracks and Service Points FAQs for more information.
active, need, I also now understand when people say that these are intended as a complement to the physical maps, not a replacement - my expectation is that you'd still need the real maps out in the field.
active, know, How to Encourage Creativity and Sharing for More Productive Meetings	We all know that meetings can be tedious, tiring, and ineffective at resolving the problems our businesses are facing.
active, need, We need creativity and openness, and what we get instead is disinterested yawning and unhelpful criticism.
other, take, Many people are already hesitant to speak up in groups or take the social risk of sharing their ideas.
other, help, It can also help to make it clear from the outset that there’s nothing wrong with sharing ideas that don’t work or won’t ever get used.
other, need, You can do this during a meeting if you need to bring back some balance to the conversation, or you can do it in advance by letting each participant know that they should be prepared to share at least one idea.
active, know, You can do this during a meeting if you need to bring back some balance to the conversation, or you can do it in advance by letting each participant know that they should be prepared to share at least one idea.
active, know, Let them know that you won’t be settling on anything during this meeting.
active, need, You need something to light that creative fire.
other, take, Thinking of terrible ideas takes the pressure off and brings some humor into the room, two important factors that contribute to creative thinking.
other, take, Take a walk.
other, help, We hope at least one of these techniques helps improve the quality of your meetings and leads to some breakthrough ideas.
other, remember, And it wasn’t that I didn’t try: I was an early adopter of the PDA (Personal Digital Assistant); I embraced gadget features like digital calendars, and virtual notepads; I even used that task-tracking app “Remember the Milk.”
other, help, Billed as “the analog system for the digital age,” the Bullet Journal is UX designer Ryder Carroll’s genius brainchild, initially created to help him manage his own struggles with ADD.
passive, need, All that’s needed is a blank notebook.
active, see, For those who see the benefits of color-coding and need their journal to serve multiple functions (work, home, play, for example), Berry has devised a complex (but not over complicated) system that allows you to expand your bujo well beyond the scope of original Carroll’s approach.
other, need, For those who see the benefits of color-coding and need their journal to serve multiple functions (work, home, play, for example), Berry has devised a complex (but not over complicated) system that allows you to expand your bujo well beyond the scope of original Carroll’s approach.
other, like, For the Intellectual	So you’re the type who really likes to know how things work?
other, know, For the Intellectual	So you’re the type who really likes to know how things work?
active, take, Enter Carrie Crista who takes a deep dive into the “system.”
other, know, For those who want to know the full range of options, Christa explains all the options.
active, know, 	For the Minimalist	In spite of having been “invented” by a man, bullet journaling knows no gender.
other, like, 	Other Posts You Might Like
other, take, 	Taken together these traumas have destroyed confidence BBC producers had in their own ability and produced a drip-feed of hemlock taken via doom-laden emails from senior managers unaffected by mountains of proposed savings.	So the Prime Minister may joke and others around him fire off volleys of complaint in what the tabloid press gleefully calls the government’s ‘war with the BBC’ but oddly there is much the Conservatives would approve of at the Corporation.
other, take, 	Taken together these traumas have destroyed confidence BBC producers had in their own ability and produced a drip-feed of hemlock taken via doom-laden emails from senior managers unaffected by mountains of proposed savings.	So the Prime Minister may joke and others around him fire off volleys of complaint in what the tabloid press gleefully calls the government’s ‘war with the BBC’ but oddly there is much the Conservatives would approve of at the Corporation.
active, carry, 	While not being an arm of the State the BBC certainly carries with it much of the architecture of State.
active, know, Indeed those of us who have worked there for any length of time know there is just as much pressure from the political Left as the Right to cover events in an unbiased way.
other, know, 	Mr Cameron and his ilk might be interested to know that if anything there is an in-built editorial bias from the Right because of the way the newspapers – and especially the Daily Mail – help shape the day-to-day agenda at the BBC.
other, help, 	Mr Cameron and his ilk might be interested to know that if anything there is an in-built editorial bias from the Right because of the way the newspapers – and especially the Daily Mail – help shape the day-to-day agenda at the BBC.
other, take, The 31-year-old software developer is a local to the town and works for works as a developer for VRSG, which focuses on software and systems integration for the Swiss public sector.	Arnold defeated two candidates from the Swiss Peoples Party to take the part-time mayoralty and took 60 percent of the vote.
other, take, The 31-year-old software developer is a local to the town and works for works as a developer for VRSG, which focuses on software and systems integration for the Swiss public sector.	Arnold defeated two candidates from the Swiss Peoples Party to take the part-time mayoralty and took 60 percent of the vote.
other, push, 	The mayoral chains of Eichberg won't give the Pirate Party an enormous platform from which to push its policies: Wikipedia states the town's population is 1,481.
other, hit, 	M8A7	Increased time in between bursts –	Has a slightly increased upward recoil pattern –	Drakon	Increased Recoil	Fire rate is a little faster	Hitting an enemy in the upper chest no longer 1-hit kills.
active, take, Anything beyond 800 should take 5 shots to kill.
other, take, Should take roughly 2.25 seconds to empty a standard magazine.
other, take, Damage at a further distance has been reduced and can’t 1 hit kill as far out, even when ADS.	XR-2	Delay between bursts has been reduced by a frame, very slight change.	Kinetic Armor	Lasts 7 seconds now instead of 5	Active Camo	Lasts 5 seconds now instead of 4	Glitch	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, up from 1.5 minutes.	Travels back 700 units, down from 800	Vision Pulse	Range is 1400 units, down from 1600	Ripper	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, down from 3 minutes.	Lasts for 20 seconds if no attacks are made, up from 15 seconds.
other, earn, Damage at a further distance has been reduced and can’t 1 hit kill as far out, even when ADS.	XR-2	Delay between bursts has been reduced by a frame, very slight change.	Kinetic Armor	Lasts 7 seconds now instead of 5	Active Camo	Lasts 5 seconds now instead of 4	Glitch	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, up from 1.5 minutes.	Travels back 700 units, down from 800	Vision Pulse	Range is 1400 units, down from 1600	Ripper	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, down from 3 minutes.	Lasts for 20 seconds if no attacks are made, up from 15 seconds.
other, take, Damage at a further distance has been reduced and can’t 1 hit kill as far out, even when ADS.	XR-2	Delay between bursts has been reduced by a frame, very slight change.	Kinetic Armor	Lasts 7 seconds now instead of 5	Active Camo	Lasts 5 seconds now instead of 4	Glitch	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, up from 1.5 minutes.	Travels back 700 units, down from 800	Vision Pulse	Range is 1400 units, down from 1600	Ripper	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, down from 3 minutes.	Lasts for 20 seconds if no attacks are made, up from 15 seconds.
other, earn, Damage at a further distance has been reduced and can’t 1 hit kill as far out, even when ADS.	XR-2	Delay between bursts has been reduced by a frame, very slight change.	Kinetic Armor	Lasts 7 seconds now instead of 5	Active Camo	Lasts 5 seconds now instead of 4	Glitch	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, up from 1.5 minutes.	Travels back 700 units, down from 800	Vision Pulse	Range is 1400 units, down from 1600	Ripper	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, down from 3 minutes.	Lasts for 20 seconds if no attacks are made, up from 15 seconds.
other, last, Damage at a further distance has been reduced and can’t 1 hit kill as far out, even when ADS.	XR-2	Delay between bursts has been reduced by a frame, very slight change.	Kinetic Armor	Lasts 7 seconds now instead of 5	Active Camo	Lasts 5 seconds now instead of 4	Glitch	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, up from 1.5 minutes.	Travels back 700 units, down from 800	Vision Pulse	Range is 1400 units, down from 1600	Ripper	Takes 2 full minutes to earn with no score, down from 3 minutes.	Lasts for 20 seconds if no attacks are made, up from 15 seconds.
other, hit, Have to be more on target to hit enemies	Time in deathcam after being killed is now 2.5 seconds, down from 3	Speed Burst	Stays on when moving at full speed after activating for 5.5 seconds, up from 5	War Machine	Clip size is now 6, down from 8	Explosion radius damage is slightly reduced	Rejack	Takes 3 full minutes to earn with no score, down from 2 minutes.	The animation time to get up from the Rejack has been increased from 1 second to 1.5 seconds.
other, take, Have to be more on target to hit enemies	Time in deathcam after being killed is now 2.5 seconds, down from 3	Speed Burst	Stays on when moving at full speed after activating for 5.5 seconds, up from 5	War Machine	Clip size is now 6, down from 8	Explosion radius damage is slightly reduced	Rejack	Takes 3 full minutes to earn with no score, down from 2 minutes.	The animation time to get up from the Rejack has been increased from 1 second to 1.5 seconds.
other, earn, Have to be more on target to hit enemies	Time in deathcam after being killed is now 2.5 seconds, down from 3	Speed Burst	Stays on when moving at full speed after activating for 5.5 seconds, up from 5	War Machine	Clip size is now 6, down from 8	Explosion radius damage is slightly reduced	Rejack	Takes 3 full minutes to earn with no score, down from 2 minutes.	The animation time to get up from the Rejack has been increased from 1 second to 1.5 seconds.
active, take, 	Wright warns that robots can take on other work: “repetitive production tasks” that aren’t “core” to what customers love.
active, push, Meanwhile, a new Heritage Foundation report predicts a $15 mandatory wage floor will push up fast-food prices “at least a fourth.”
passive, hit, And since lower-income groups rely more on fast food and other products made by minimum-wage workers, they’ll be hit hardest.
other, take, Machines take over.
active, see, Investors see Venezuela’s new free-floating foreign exchange system as an important step toward improving the country’s stretched finances, but economists question whether it can provide enough dollars to kick-start the economy.
active, see, “They control it and only they can see what’s happening, so it’s kind of a black box to us on the outside.”
other, strengthen, In the run-up to Sicad 2, the bolivar strengthened on the black market to reach 59 per dollar on Monday from nearly 90 in recent weeks.
active, see, 	“We see that as a concern,” he said.
active, help, The 26-year-old has Huntington’s endorsement and says her constituency association will help his candidacy to ensure the riding keeps an independent voice that’s not handcuffed by party lines.	“As long as I’ve been able to vote she’s been a hero of mine.
active, see, What she’s done in comparison to the other MLAs who have been around, we see just how few times a party’s representatives can go against the party line.
other, need, I think her brand of independent representation is exactly the type of representation we need in South Delta,” said Wong.
other, need, 	He originally planned to support Huntington’s re-election campaign, but felt someone with a passion for the community needed to step up after she made the surprise announcement she wouldn’t seek a third term.
other, help, Also saying LRT is very doable for south of the Fraser, he agrees a buck a bridge” tolling system is the most fair and would help ease congestion.
other, need, He said the facts, not spin, need to get out about such projects.
other, see, 	Wong said he thinks there’s an appetite among the electorate for more independents in the legislature, especially after seeing how well Huntington has represented South Delta.
other, take, “I urge you to take another leap of faith and vote for a man that I believe will deliver sound and intelligent service to our community.”
other, know, And we've got a Prime Minister who loves the grey when everything we know about elections calls for black and white.
active, help, The events help the treasurer to frame economic strategy against a global background.
other, need, It will certainly need to go beyond the rhetoric and the promises of every budget since the country went into deficit eight years ago.
other, hit, 	The Liberal Party's Victorian president, Michael Kroger, hit back saying the institute "is not an intellectually independent organisation ... it comes from a left political bent ... and always argues for higher taxes."	And - he neglected to mention - the Prime Minister's wife is on the board!
other, see, 	Most politicians are wired to see just black or white.
passive, take, 	Once a decision is taken, there is no longer a middle ground; no room for compromise.
other, take, Any argument to the contrary is lost in that "take no prisoners" approach.
active, carry, Some politicians are shameless; they carry that off ruthlessly and often convincingly.
active, know, 	He knows - he's demonstrated this in the past - that on some issues - many issues in fact - the strength of the arguments on both sides demand a mature debate.
other, know, 	But politics as we have come to know it doesn't allow for that anymore.
active, need, “I guess that would also mean they don’t need prenuptial agreements.
active, mirror, 	When it comes to Trump’s beliefs about women, Trump’s radio vignettes often mirror his own life and his past treatment of and attitudes toward women that are now haunting his campaign.
other, see, Before finalizing his divorce from his first wife, Ivana, Trump began seeing Marla Maples, who would become his second wife.
active, require, The divorce required five depositions, during which he repeatedly took the Fifth.
active, take, The divorce required five depositions, during which he repeatedly took the Fifth.
active, take, “Angelina [Jolie] took over the crown from Britney Spears, who didn’t even make the sexy list this year,” Trump said.
active, see, Trump was seeing a new woman and setting the stage for his future radio commentary about Saudi Arabia.
active, last, Most heart attacks involve discomfort in the center of the chest that lasts more than a few minutes – or it may go away and then return.
active, last, Most heart attacks involve discomfort in the center of the chest that lasts more than a few minutes – or it may go away and then return.
other, remember, Watch video: “Just A Little Heart Attack” – a short film directed by and starring Elizabeth Banks	Don’t hesitate to call 911	Learn the signs for heart attack, and remember: Even if you’re not sure it’s a heart attack, have it checked out.	Minutes matter.
active, take, Pre-Alpha 8 was released on Monday, so we took some time this week to watch people play to see what common problems they encountered and to find the areas that we need to improve most.
other, see, Pre-Alpha 8 was released on Monday, so we took some time this week to watch people play to see what common problems they encountered and to find the areas that we need to improve most.
other, need, Pre-Alpha 8 was released on Monday, so we took some time this week to watch people play to see what common problems they encountered and to find the areas that we need to improve most.
other, take, 	We added a tilt-shift effect (blur near the top and bottom of the screen to make everything look more like a miniature):	It is disabled by default, but if you want to take some nice screenshots or record videos or even play with it there’s an option for it.
other, see, Despite the lengthy development time (the remake was announced way back in 2013) you're eagerly waiting to see how demonic warrior Aarbron has made the leap to modern platforms.
passive, hit, I lost count of how many times I got hit with a cheap shot from behind because I was performing some stylish attack animation on the monster in front of me.
other, require, Actually collecting those spheres requires you to waste one of Aarbron's extremely powerful screen-clearing special attacks.
other, require, Produced by Soviet War Factory Requires Radar Tower Combat Ground attack 400 (RA2)	300 (YR) (DemobombWH) Cooldown 80 Speed 6 (RA2)	5 (YR) Attack range 1 Sight range 5	“ Let's make a delivery!
active, cost, 	Demolition trucks cost a fairly high amount to build and due to their low health, spamming them can backfire.
active, take, Story continues below advertisement	Opinion: How Canada can take Trump's refugees	Read more: Trudeau concerned about refugee influx in Manitoba border town	Related: Manitoba town pleads for federal help with refugee influx	
active, take, 	Refugee lawyer David Matas said Sunday when police discover migrants crossing into Canada they take them to the CBSA, which then screens them for security reasons but does not detain the migrants simply for entering the country at an unguarded area.
active, require, He said Sunday he was satisfied with that level of support.	Migrants who cross at open fields or other unguarded areas are not covered by the Canada-U.S. Safe Third Country Agreement, and have the right to make a refugee claim in Canada.	The safe-third-country agreement requires refugee claimants to apply for status in the country they arrive in first.
active, see, “It’s not easy to judge from the outside, but I’ve never seen a Milan side like this,” he told the Gazzetta dello Sport.
other, remember, “Remember, Milan will always be Milan”.	Download my e-book “The footsteps of a Legend – Ricardo Kaka” and find out all there is to know about this magnificent player, including stories and statements which have never been revealed before.
other, know, “Remember, Milan will always be Milan”.	Download my e-book “The footsteps of a Legend – Ricardo Kaka” and find out all there is to know about this magnificent player, including stories and statements which have never been revealed before.
other, see, Where once the prefab proselytizers could claim that being better built in a factory was enough, it isn't any more, and one has to look closely to see: is really green?
other, need, It is tiny, has everything you need, expensive radiant heat, and of course, the commenters complain about the price at $ 237 per square foot.
other, take, The owner was able to take advantage of prefab construction and had the parts flown in by helicopter.	And therein lies the problem.
active, carry, This evening the Italian rider carried out a phone interview with Sky Sport 24.
active, take, 	The Maniac took the opportunity to explain how he's feeling: “This is the hardest break of my life – he stated - unfortunately I've never reached the holidays with such difficulties, there's a real weight when you are so keen to achieve important results”.
other, hear, He won't hear of giving in though: “These are life lessons that help you to grow anyway – he pointed out – I continue to train with the aim of taking the Suzuki to the top”.
active, help, He won't hear of giving in though: “These are life lessons that help you to grow anyway – he pointed out – I continue to train with the aim of taking the Suzuki to the top”.
other, take, He won't hear of giving in though: “These are life lessons that help you to grow anyway – he pointed out – I continue to train with the aim of taking the Suzuki to the top”.
other, take, 	Looking back, this isn't the first time that The Maniac has faced such a situation: “I arrived in Ducati in 2013 with more problems than I have today – he recalled - in some ways it's like returning down a path I've already taken.
active, take, 	Her memorial took place Saturday in her hometown of Saskatoon.
active, take, I would absolutely not go to Peru and meet someone on the street and go off and put my faith in them."	Canadian underground culture	But tea ceremonies that involve teas containing tobacco or ayahuasca are not just taking place in South America; they also occur right here in Canada.	Although the plants do not naturally grow here, there is a plant-healing culture, which remains largely underground because the ceremonies are illegal.
other, know, "It’s sad to know that happened," he said of Logan.
passive, take, "I think it’s an amazing adventure, but it’s not to be taken lightly.
other, need, Need to know of any medications being used," the directions read.
other, know, Need to know of any medications being used," the directions read.
passive, take, Staff gave her first aid before she was taken by motorcycle and boat to hospital, but doctors could not revive her.
active, know, "Who knows how long it took to get her to the hospital," Caleb said.
other, take, "Who knows how long it took to get her to the hospital," Caleb said.
other, take, A suspect was shot and injured and taken to a hospital.
passive, need, "I think we are a very praying community and I think that thoughts and prayers are needed here and we come together just like we always do and always have," Dabadie added.
passive, take, 	The deputy was taken from Ochsner Medical Center shortly after 2 a.m. Sunday with a procession of law enforcement vehicles.
active, see, 	From above you can see the potential of the peninsula.
active, need, 	As for the big house, you would be free to restore it or rip it down - but if you demolish it you will need planning permission to build something in its place.
active, take, So far, the Wizards have taken down the agile Philadelphia 76ers (1-3) to open the season, the new look Detriot Pistons (2-2) and the revamped Denver Nuggets to begin their abnormally early West Coast trip.
active, see, It’s possible the NBA, including the referees, finally see the Wizards as a dominant team which has resulted in more calls going the Wizards way.
active, take, Also, referees grant priority when you have an inspired superstar like John Wall quietly taking the NBA by storm.
other, hear, Want your voice heard?
other, like, When asked if he'd like to feature Kanye on a future Flying Lotus album, Ellison said, "I've been trying, man!
active, know, He knows here I'm at."
passive, hit, Some have to be hit several times to be destroyed!
other, help, She has further promised to place staff in all 50 states to help get out the vote for her campaign and down-ballot Democrats.
other, help, That leaves just $129 million in their main campaign account to help Republican get elected this fall -- far less than they had in 2012 at this juncture.
other, help, This will not help make up the astronomical gap between Clinton’s $42 million cash on hand and Trump’s $1.3 million cash on hand.
other, see, It is increasingly likely, however, that political scientists will finally get to see a real-world test of whether having a fully funded and fully functioning campaign really matters for its results.
other, see, It went on to state that the campaign continues "to see a tremendous outpouring of support for Mr. Trump and money to the Republican Party."
passive, know, 	Some Autobots have been known to don a red outfit with a bushy, white beard, imitating Santa Claus as part of the Christmas ritual.
other, need, 	Another human custom, Black Friday, is rumored to be the busiest day of shopping for the material goods needed for exchange on Christmas.
other, carry, Raiden got in on the fun, carrying all the presents in a giant sack and even donning a colossal Santa hat.	IDW Generation 1 continuity	The real miracle is that every light on that thing is on.	Ho, ho, ho...man this itches.
active, help, Human Error, Part II	Live-action film series	Revenge of the Fallen film	Yakov hopes that the magic of Christmas bonuses will help him achieve his dream of buying those new teeth he saw in Sky Mall.
other, see, Human Error, Part II	Live-action film series	Revenge of the Fallen film	Yakov hopes that the magic of Christmas bonuses will help him achieve his dream of buying those new teeth he saw in Sky Mall.
active, see, The magic then saw Bumblebee give the Witwicky family presents (he seemed to think they were cars but it's the thought that counts).
other, help, 	Ask Vector Prime	The magic of Christmas caused Optimus Prime to invite Vector Prime over to this universe to help celebrate.
active, help, 	You can help Transformers Wiki by expanding it.
active, hit, And a year later, Guinness updated the record, as Shergold, still alive, hit 33 million.
other, require, The chain letters, which began as paper-and-ink messages requiring a stamp, merged quickly into email, where it spread even faster.
other, take, As your MySQL databases grow in size and complexity, taking full advantage of the optimizing tools built into the MySQL Workbench becomes increasingly important.
other, take, BY: Follow @P_Crookston	David Clarke may be joining the Trump administration after resigning Thursday from his position as sheriff of Milwaukee County, Wis.	Clarke has been a vocal supporter of President Donald Trump, despite being a Democrat, and two sources told Politico that he is expected to take a job in the White House.
other, require, 	Politico reported that the administration is unlikely to appoint him to a position requiring Senate confirmation, and is instead going to give him a position in the White House.
active, take, Administration officials declined to say whether Clarke would be taking a job.
active, take, Trump has remained supportive of Clarke, however, even tweeting to promote his book, Cop Under Fire: Moving Beyond Hashtags of Race, Crime and Politics for a Better America.	Clarke had previously said he was taking a position in the Department of Homeland Security, but he announced that he was withdrawing his acceptance of the job.
other, know, Here are a few things to know to get acquainted with China’s digital landscape and to find your new favorite Chinese sites.
other, know, The following two sites are well known Chinese search engines you can turn to.
other, take, Youdao offers a range of services, including an exploration-worthy dictionary and translation service, which provides nice, current, English-Chinese sample sentences taken from the web.
other, need, You, therefore, need to turn to Chinese sites and social media to get your fill of socialities.
other, know, Here are a few things to know.
active, see, Others see Sina Weibo as China’s answer to both Facebook and Twitter.
active, know, So who knows what the social media scene in China will look like in a few years.
other, know, And if you’re going in full-Chinese mode, the Zhongwen Cloze browser add-on is a good travel companion, as it instantly translates any word you don’t know.
active, know, Let us know how it was!
other, last, The financial burden of a degree that lasts at least five years acts as an obstacle for many students.
other, know, He says: “My school tried, but knew very little.
active, match, I wasted time on applications to universities that I didn’t even match the criteria for.
active, match, It is essential that students match their strengths with the universities that best suit them.
active, know, Students like Wood “didn’t even know it existed”.
active, need, Students need resources to navigate the application minefield.
other, see, Police reviewed surveillance video at Walmart and saw a woman wearing a blonde wig, glasses, a beige shirt and tan pants use the stolen credit card.
other, see, A victim told police she placed her purse containing a bank card, credit cards and other personal items in a cabinet under a register while working at Macy's.	The victim said her bank notified her about suspicious activity on her card that evening, and she returned to the cabinet and saw that her purse was gone, according to police.
passive, see, Investigators said one of the women was also seen on video using a stolen card at Walmart.
other, help, 	Investigators are hoping the surveillance video they released will help solve these cases.
active, hear, I had heard the old joke several times now.
passive, know, In the West, the I Ching is mainly known as a divination manual, found on shelves alongside books about tarot cards, crystal healing, reiki, and contacting your angels, a part of the wild carnival of spurious notions that is New Age spirituality, that great tide of unreason against which the prophets of scientific rationality protest in vain.
active, know, I knew the arguments against the I Ching: divination doesn’t work, it belongs to the realm of prescientific superstition, it is a primitive attempt to tame the uncertainty of the future.
active, hear, I had heard these arguments many times, and they made sense to me; and yet there was something about the I Ching that continued to fascinate me, something that — the more I studied it — could not allow me to dismiss this book so lightly.
active, know, I knew that it was a divinatory text, divided into 64 chapters, with each of these chapters headed by a six-lined symbol, referred to in English as a ‘hexagram’ and in Chinese as guaxiang.
other, know, I knew that each of the hexagrams was associated with a number of prognostications, and that the book was often put to use by tossing coins or sorting yarrow stalks, to randomly derive a hexagram made up of broken and unbroken lines.
other, see, It furthers one to see the great man…
other, know, Finally, I knew that the I Ching had touched almost every aspect of Chinese thought — from philosophy to statecraft, from music to medicine, and from astronomy to painting, and that on account of that alone, it should be counted as one of the most influential books in the world.
other, know, In the weeks and months that followed, I started getting to know the I Ching better.
active, take, It was in this way that I found myself becoming a diviner. A couple of days after getting the book home, for the very first time I took three coins — twopence pieces seemed to be suitably unostentatious — formulated a question, and went about the ritual of casting my first hexagram on the basis of each toss of the coins, thus putting my foot on the slippery slope that would lead first to learning Chinese and, eventually, almost inevitably, to China.
active, push, I began to wonder if attempting to understand the I Ching in terms of understanding the I Ching was to risk misunderstanding the I Ching	The priest pushed his entrance-fee sign to one side, opened a drawer and took out a notebook, tearing off a page.
other, take, I began to wonder if attempting to understand the I Ching in terms of understanding the I Ching was to risk misunderstanding the I Ching	The priest pushed his entrance-fee sign to one side, opened a drawer and took out a notebook, tearing off a page.
active, take, He took a biro from his pocket and smiled at me.
other, know, He told me about Fuxi, about hexagrams and their constituent three-line trigrams, about the pole star and astrology, about philosophy and metaphysics, about the Hetu or the River Map, which explains the relationship between the eight trigrams, and about the wuxing or five phases of wood, fire, earth, metal and water, and its relationship to the numerological magic square known as the Luoshu, or Luo River Book.
other, see, The two old ladies whom I had passed on my way up the hill now stepped into the cool of the temple and grinned wildly to see the foreigner talking with the priest.
other, take, As the priest continued to scribble various astral configurations and hexagrams and mystical diagrams, all annotated in a spidery handwritten Chinese, a debate began to take hold among the onlookers.
active, hear, But I heard him speak Chinese!
active, hear, No, I distinctly heard him speak some Chinese!
active, know, While I knew an increasing number of facts relating to the I Ching, as time went on I was not sure that I actually knew the I Ching itself any better than when I started out.
active, know, While I knew an increasing number of facts relating to the I Ching, as time went on I was not sure that I actually knew the I Ching itself any better than when I started out.
active, take, Like the I Ching itself, this book of changes that I have written is a strange beast, a little too strange perhaps for any wholly sane publisher to take a risk on.
active, take, Instead, I am looking for a release from the prison of competing certainties, a way of letting loose the simmering doubts and confusions that accompany all thought, so that I can take advantage of their creative richness.
other, help, We have access to an astonishing array of tools and algorithms and banks of data that help in predicting probabilities for the future.
other, know, And given that we will never have the complete knowledge to which we might aspire, we must always act in the twilight between certainty and uncertainty, between knowing and unknowing.
other, hit, 	Lethbridge City Councillor, Wade Galloway, 37, and a friend were split-boarding in the Waterton Park back country, a non-restricted area, when the avalanche hit at 3:30 p.m.	The other member of the party was not buried and was able to partially extricate Galloway.
other, help, On the City of Lethbridge’s website, Galloway is described as a commercial landlord who helped build a skate park and organize fundraisers for the Canadian Avalanche Foundation.
active, carry, 	Suspected ULFA(I) militants carried out the explosion which also injured 21 others, including four policemen, near a temporary election office of BJP at Dudhnoi in Goalpara district, Superintendent of Police Nitul Gogoi told PTI.
passive, take, 	The 21 injured were taken to hospital where the condition of 14 was stated to be serious, police said.
other, hit, Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
active, see, You may have seen Spelunky mentioned somewhere and asked yourself "What's Spelunky?"
other, help, It's easy to help or hurt each other, so socialization is important!
other, hear, In fact, maybe that's how you heard about it in the first place!
active, help, 	The disinvestment will help the government meet half of the Rs 43,425 crore revenue target from stake sale in public sector.
other, hit, 	Coal India would be second company to hit the markets under the government's disinvestment programme.
other, push, Alaska Lt. Governor Craig Campbell contended today that Republican Joe Miller’s campaign has changed its tune when it comes to pushing a “literal interpretation” of the write-in ballot count laws in the contentious Alaska Senate race.
active, require, The Miller campaign argued at the time that the law required those votes to be counted.
other, hear, The law says: “In order to vote for a write-in candidate, the voter must write in the candidate’s name in the space provided and fill in the oval opposite the candidate’s name.”	Campbell also said that a judge will hear from both sides in a hearing today.	Enough write-in ballots were cast to force a count to see how many were for Murkowski.
other, see, The law says: “In order to vote for a write-in candidate, the voter must write in the candidate’s name in the space provided and fill in the oval opposite the candidate’s name.”	Campbell also said that a judge will hear from both sides in a hearing today.	Enough write-in ballots were cast to force a count to see how many were for Murkowski.
other, require, I filled out the required forms which were then received by the immigration officer – no fuss, easy peasy.
active, know, Does anyone know anyone who works for immigration?
active, see, Please forward so the proper authorities can see this and take proper action.
other, take, Please forward so the proper authorities can see this and take proper action.
passive, take, Our private information should be better taken care of.
other, help, Help us in the investigation.
other, like, 	So, In short IaaS is “I’ll give you virtual machines and you can SSH in them, and install anything you like.”	Some of the best known IaaS are EC2, Azure Virtual Machines, Google Compute Engine, etc.
other, know, 	So, In short IaaS is “I’ll give you virtual machines and you can SSH in them, and install anything you like.”	Some of the best known IaaS are EC2, Azure Virtual Machines, Google Compute Engine, etc.
active, take, Cloud Provider would take care of installing and maintaining OS, patching it underneath, so you don’t have to and with every every abstraction, you lose a little control over your environment but gain an order of magnitude of productivity.
other, know, 	Some of the best known Platform as a Service today are Heroku, Amazon Elastic Beanstalk, Google App Engine, and more.
active, take, Serverless	Think of serverless as an abstraction over PaaS. There are actually two types of serverless which I’ll talk about briefly here :	Backend as a Service (BaaS) / Backendless : BaaS services like CloudBoost, BaasBox, and more offer developers with a rich set of API’s that takes care of most of the things their app needs like managing state, storing data, authentication and session management, notification and more.
other, need, Serverless	Think of serverless as an abstraction over PaaS. There are actually two types of serverless which I’ll talk about briefly here :	Backend as a Service (BaaS) / Backendless : BaaS services like CloudBoost, BaasBox, and more offer developers with a rich set of API’s that takes care of most of the things their app needs like managing state, storing data, authentication and session management, notification and more.
active, take, BaaS services like CloudBoost, BaasBox, and more offer developers with a rich set of API’s that takes care of most of the things their app needs like managing state, storing data, authentication and session management, notification and more.
other, need, BaaS services like CloudBoost, BaasBox, and more offer developers with a rich set of API’s that takes care of most of the things their app needs like managing state, storing data, authentication and session management, notification and more.
other, need, Function as a Service typically means you as a developer write pieces of server side logic or “functions” and upload them to the Serverless platform where these functions will be triggered and executed when you need and you only pay for the execution time.
other, need, Few advantages include, you don’t have to manage a backend as these are small bits of server logic that is uploaded to the serverless platform, you don’t need to worry about scale — the platform will scale your code to thousands of execution instances of need be, and you only pay for the time your code is actually executed which saves companies a lot of money down the line.
other, know, Most widely known FaaS framework is AWS Lambda.
other, need, If your code needs to scale, the platform will make copies of the function to handle the load.
other, need, Serverless computing is ideal for teams that need to quickly develop, prototype, and iterate.
passive, push, This increases the number of changes that can be pushed through the CI/CD pipeline, resulting in faster deployment and much tighter feedback loop with users.
other, need, It isn’t the actual amount of sleep that matters, but rather your conviction that you got the rest you needed.
active, take, 	Afterward, each took the Paced Auditory Serial Addition Test, a tricky assignment that is “perceived as difficult and stressful,” the researchers write.
passive, know, “Performance then becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy based on what is known by laypeople abut the effects of actual sleep deprivation and restfulness,” the researchers write.
active, push, 	Proponents have been pushing high-speed rail for 25 years and always fallen short.
active, hear, We've heard this before.
other, require, If it does, it will require changing how we live and how our cities grow.
active, take, The trip would take about 2 1/2 hours and cost riders $55, according to the High Speed Rail Authority.
other, cost, The trip would take about 2 1/2 hours and cost riders $55, according to the High Speed Rail Authority.
other, cost, The project is expected to cost $32 billion, with extensions to San Diego and Sacramento adding another $10 billion.
other, cost, Repaying the $9.95 billion bond issue over 30 years would cost $19.4 billion, with annual payments hitting $647 million.
active, hit, Repaying the $9.95 billion bond issue over 30 years would cost $19.4 billion, with annual payments hitting $647 million.
passive, see, 	It remains to be seen whether people are pony up for high-speed rail, let alone make the changes that might be needed to ensure its success, but polls show the proposition passing by a slim margin.
passive, need, 	It remains to be seen whether people are pony up for high-speed rail, let alone make the changes that might be needed to ensure its success, but polls show the proposition passing by a slim margin.
active, resemble, Their forefathers were Throbbing Gristle, Can and Stockhausen, and if those DNA helixes tangled up into the shape of a pop song, it certainly didn’t resemble anything like an actual pop song during their five-year run.
other, need, 	All one needed to know about the strange, unconventional methods used by This Heat could be found in “24 Track Loop,” a track that’s as much curiosity as it is revelation.
other, know, 	All one needed to know about the strange, unconventional methods used by This Heat could be found in “24 Track Loop,” a track that’s as much curiosity as it is revelation.
other, hear, People would be hearing with the cultural ears of one experience and they’d be confronted with a different set of things and for a moment they wouldn’t know how to listen.
other, know, People would be hearing with the cultural ears of one experience and they’d be confronted with a different set of things and for a moment they wouldn’t know how to listen.
other, take, Once you’ve taken to This Heat’s method of listening with different ears, their once confounding approach turns from confusing to beautiful.
other, last, And that semblance of catchiness—their flirtation with conventional rock songwriting—lasts only about two and a half minutes, before it tumbles into a sort of motorik-inspired repetition, guitar riffs and rattling, stop-on-a-dime percussion tumbling over and over in a seemingly infinite loop as found sounds turn a briefly upbeat and fun post-punk gem into a menacing and twisted proto-industrial exercise.
active, hear, The first time I heard the song, I didn’t even know that the first part existed; when heading into KCR studios for my college radio show sometime around 2001, the music director was spinning the entirety of “Health and Efficiency” on vinyl (one of the library’s most fascinating artifacts, to be sure).
active, know, The first time I heard the song, I didn’t even know that the first part existed; when heading into KCR studios for my college radio show sometime around 2001, the music director was spinning the entirety of “Health and Efficiency” on vinyl (one of the library’s most fascinating artifacts, to be sure).
active, hear, What I heard was a four-minute repetition of some of the nastiest grooves to ever hit my ears.
other, hit, What I heard was a four-minute repetition of some of the nastiest grooves to ever hit my ears.
active, hit, That sense of foreboding, of intangible yet palpable menace, hits critical mass on the band’s second and final full-length, 1981′s Deceit.
other, need, “We were resolved that maybe the ‘song’ thing needed to be focused on,” Hayward says in an interview with Fact.
passive, need, Whatever new ears are needed to allow This Heat’s more experimental tendencies to better resonate, there’s a sense of joy in hearing such tautly constructed songs through that atypical filter.
other, hear, Whatever new ears are needed to allow This Heat’s more experimental tendencies to better resonate, there’s a sense of joy in hearing such tautly constructed songs through that atypical filter.
other, hear, It’s hard not to experience some cognitive dissonance when hearing some of the band’s best-written songs under the context of fear and intertwined with some briefly harrowing listening experiences (and maybe not coincidentally, their studio was dubbed “Cold Storage”).
passive, hear, Rather, This Heat were communicating music in an entirely unfamiliar way, and surely it’s been processed differently by everyone that’s heard it.
other, like, 	You might also like:
passive, see, 	According to Jukin Media the unnamed couple are either extremely affectionate towards one another or at each other's throats; this video clearly depicts the latter.	The husband is seen having a great time, dancing and chatting with other patrons across the bar.
active, see, 	While the other patrons immediately see his hair light up, the man keeps talking animatedly for several seconds before realising something is wrong.
active, know, 	You can let us know what you think of Pop Rocket and suggest topics in our Facebook group or via @PopRocket on Twitter.	Produced by Christian Dueñas and Kara Hartfor MaximumFun.org.	Additional Links:	SNL's Totino's Sketch	Jen Kirkman Just Keep Livin'? Trailer
other, take, There was a time, a week ago, when the Obama White House was focused on questions like who would take over tending to the first lady's vegetable garden.
other, need, Trump repeatedly said that Putin was a stronger leader than Obama who needs to be treated with more respect.
other, need, That speech hadn't been written before the election results, he noted, so the text hasn't had to be torn up — but obviously, it's needing to be rethought.
active, take, We have taken steps during our time in office to reinforce the NATO alliance, to reassure Eastern European allies, to move significant military personnel and equipment to our eastern flank to ensure that those nations are reassured, and also to work with NATO on counterterrorism and deal with refugee flows."
active, see, Interim Chair's comments	Dr Tania Mathias, interim Chair of the Committee, said:	"Artificial intelligence has some way to go before we see systems and robots as portrayed in the creative arts such as Star Wars.
passive, need, Despite these differing views, there is general agreement that a much greater focus is needed on adjusting the UK’s education and training systems to deliver the skills that will enable people to adapt, and thrive, as new technology comes on stream.
active, take, Dr Mathias said:	"Concerns about machines 'taking jobs' and eliminating the need for human labour have persisted for centuries.
active, see, Nevertheless it is conceivable that we will see AI technology creating new jobs over the coming decades while at the same time displacing others.
active, require, This requires a commitment by the Government to ensure that our education and training systems are flexible, so that they can adapt as opportunities and demands on the workforce change.
other, need, It is disappointing that the Government has still not published its Digital Strategy and set out its plans for equipping the future workforce with the digital skills we will need.
other, need, 	All you need is time, and if you’re not making any of that, that’s really nobody’s problem but your own.
active, take, We live in an incredible time for affordable anything really, it just comes down to us taking advantage of the tools we are given.
other, need, All you need is time, and if you’re not making any of that, it’s really nobody’s problem but your own.
active, require, This category requires a few more sacrifices, but if you want to travel, and you can find the time, you really can do it for free.
other, help, A clear schedule helps a ton when it comes to taking advantage of free travel opportunities, but you’ll always have to be flexible when it comes to travel.
other, take, A clear schedule helps a ton when it comes to taking advantage of free travel opportunities, but you’ll always have to be flexible when it comes to travel.
active, know, Be sure to let us know if you end up using any of these services, we would love to hear about your experiences!
other, hear, Be sure to let us know if you end up using any of these services, we would love to hear about your experiences!
active, take, Cheap Travel	Cheap travel vacations are a great way to enjoy a week or two of relaxing in the sun, ordering all your meals from a menu, all day casual cocktails or playing water polo, all while you take some time away from whatever it is that you need time from.
active, need, Cheap Travel	Cheap travel vacations are a great way to enjoy a week or two of relaxing in the sun, ordering all your meals from a menu, all day casual cocktails or playing water polo, all while you take some time away from whatever it is that you need time from.
other, hit, 	If you think we missed something or have anything to add, feel free to email us at gohoboco@gmail.com or hit us up on Twitter.
other, help, 	Ford F, +1.37% said it plans to use Microsoft's Hohm electric-car charging optimization service to help drivers determine the ideal time to charge their vehicles and how to best minimize impact on the grid.
other, need, 	"For Ford, this is a needed step in the development of the infrastructure that will make electric vehicles viable," CEO Alan Mulally said in a statement.
other, take, A Connecticut family of six was quarantined after traveling in West Africa, West Haven Mayor Edward O’Brien said late Wednesday.	They don’t have any symptoms of Ebola, NBC News reported, but under the executive orders signed by Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy this month, anyone who has been travelling in Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea must quarantine themselves for 21 days and take their temperature twice daily.
other, hit, Starting Monday, the CDC will also begin monitoring anyone who has traveled in the three West African countries hardest hit by the Ebola outbreak for the full virus incubation period, 21 days.
other, strengthen, On Wednesday, the governor also announced that he would signed an executive order creating a task force with the state’s Department of Public Health, “to further strengthen our ability to respond to Ebola,” a release said.
active, radiate, Deep in our Galaxy, approximately 30,000 light-years from Earth, a small gravitational monster is sucking matter from a companion star, causing the infalling matter to violently radiate X-rays and occasionally be launched to form radio-wave-emitting jets that emanate close to the speed of light.
other, emit, Deep in our Galaxy, approximately 30,000 light-years from Earth, a small gravitational monster is sucking matter from a companion star, causing the infalling matter to violently radiate X-rays and occasionally be launched to form radio-wave-emitting jets that emanate close to the speed of light.
other, emanate, Deep in our Galaxy, approximately 30,000 light-years from Earth, a small gravitational monster is sucking matter from a companion star, causing the infalling matter to violently radiate X-rays and occasionally be launched to form radio-wave-emitting jets that emanate close to the speed of light.
other, know, This enigmatic binary star system, known as Cygnus X-3, has fascinated astronomers over four decades.
active, require, "The very complex behavior of Cygnus X-3 requires monitoring throughout the electromagnetic spectrum from radio through X-rays and now including also gamma-ray emission.
other, emit, During these gamma-ray flares this stored energy can accelerate charged particles to observed high energies which prompts them to emit gamma rays.
other, emit, Then the magnetic gate opens, and radio-emitting blobs are pushed out of the system producing the major radio flares," Koljonen concludes.
passive, push, Then the magnetic gate opens, and radio-emitting blobs are pushed out of the system producing the major radio flares," Koljonen concludes.
active, need, 	“We have a first budget to get started but if we need more money, we will be able to provide it,” Etienne Schneider, Luxembourg’s economy minister told a news conference.
active, take, 	A first reconnaissance mission to scout nearby asteroids for resources could take place as soon as three years from now.
other, know, 	Primarily known for its fund management and private banking industry, Luxembourg has high ambitions for the exploration of space.	“Luxembourg’s aims is to be in the top 10 space faring nations in the world,” Schneider said.
active, need, We had huge discussions then that nobody would need that kind of satellite or that it could fall from the sky,” Schneider added.
passive, carry, Under international law, mining in space is a contentious subject as international treaties call for exploration to be carried out for the benefit of all countries.	Mining in space could not only help to bring back minerals to earth, but also aid with the exploration of distant planets by producing fuel for far away missions.
other, help, Under international law, mining in space is a contentious subject as international treaties call for exploration to be carried out for the benefit of all countries.	Mining in space could not only help to bring back minerals to earth, but also aid with the exploration of distant planets by producing fuel for far away missions.
other, hear, But don’t go joyriding tonight in that state you hear?
active, hit, Akira hit the button and waited for the elevator to arrive.
other, help, He pulled out his phone and tapped away at messenger app, “I just parked the bike in our garage going up to surprise her now, thank you so much for helping out Haru.
active, know, I couldn’t have had it delivered on a Sunday without your help, please just let me know how I can repay you alright,” Send.	*Ting*
other, see, 	He pulled out his phone to see a message from Haru, “All I did was pass you the phone number and address, you did the talking and dealing all by yourself.”
other, know, 	Akira walked out onto his floor, ‘Knowing Haru it’s probably another slasher pic and a bloody one at that if she’s gone to the trouble of going to the premier.
active, know, A devilish smirk played on his lips.	“You know how Makoto feels about those films, so obviously we’re coming.
other, know, Let me know when.”
other, take, Akira took of his shoes at the tiny entrance way.
active, take, Makoto recently took a part-time position as an aide at a law firm.
other, take, Many taken by each other on their numerous dates these last two years.
active, take, It was of the two of them in a boat, hastily drawn from the first time he’d taken Makoto out over the lake.
active, push, Laying down next to her, he pushed the night light on his watch.
active, need, We both need the sleep.’
active, see, He saw the desire there, it was no doubt mirrored in his own steely sight.
passive, mirror, He saw the desire there, it was no doubt mirrored in his own steely sight.
active, see, He also saw the flashes of frustration play in her eyes.
active, know, Akira knew she was rather irritated at not getting her way.
other, remember, 	“I distinctly remember telling you to not try anything elaborate this year; especially considering last year’s disaster,” Makoto said, as Akira tried his best not to think about last year’s incident.
other, see, Akira withdrew his hands; letting her see for herself.
active, know, Of course, you already know all this.
active, take, She took his hand, “Please promise me Akira, I was really worried seeing you so exhausted on most days these last couple of months.
other, see, She took his hand, “Please promise me Akira, I was really worried seeing you so exhausted on most days these last couple of months.
active, take, Grinning from ear to ear, he took the rear seat.
other, know, As she paid the amount, Makoto seemed content that it wasn’t beyond their means, but she didn’t know about the insurance rate.
active, remember, As Akira remembered the full amount he grew white as a ghost, insanely chuckling at his new financial ruin.
other, see, All he could see was floating numbers showing his savings ticking down to zero.
active, see, I don’t want you getting sick.”	Despite her concerned tone, Akira could see the disappointment in her eyes, “Just a little tired that’s all.
active, know, Akira knew her eagerness was overriding anything else.
other, take, He could sense her Queen persona take over as she grinned at vehicles disappearing in her rear view mirrors, and she seemed far too thrilled by the noise it made speeding through the tunnel.
active, take, After what it took to get her bike, Akira was content seeing her enjoy herself so.
other, see, After what it took to get her bike, Akira was content seeing her enjoy herself so.
active, wash, He relaxed his grip on her, the cold air seemingly also washing away his exhaustion.
active, know, Akira leaned in close, and this time speaking into her ear, “I know it’s not exactly a ring, though a bike fits you just as well.
other, take, Breaking their reverie he planted another kiss on her cheek, “I’ve felt that way for a while; sorry I took so long to say it.
active, like, I like this; this is what I want.
other, need, No more words needed to pass between them in the moment.
active, know, Anyone who knows us, knows that we love music, and we now hate KU for trying to pass this off as such.
active, know, Anyone who knows us, knows that we love music, and we now hate KU for trying to pass this off as such.
other, remember, Remember that night Steven Spielberg had a one night stand with that Asian woman?
active, know, The rest of you know who you are.
active, see, Let's see Angular route resolvers in action.
other, need, 	To load those resources before page display, you need to strap your route with a resolve parameter that references an injectable class called resolver.
active, emit, If the returning variable is an Observable the router stops the route navigation and listens for the observable to emit a 'complete' event before resuming.
active, emit, When the observable emits 'complete' the route successfully navigates ///
other, need, To capture and use URL parameters you need to pass in `ActivatedRouteSnapshot`.
other, help, 	My resolver class has some extra fluff in it, but don't worry, I added comments to help break things down.
active, take, The expansion took a year to complete and includes a new large floor space to accommodate visitors and a grand staircase at the entrance leading to the upper level.
other, see, 	Trudy’s renovation is just one of many the Pruneyard visitors will see in the coming years after its owners, Ellis Partners, received the OK last month from the city to renovate existing buildings while adding new ones.
active, know, “You know the Pruneyard is exciting with all the changes coming up.
other, take, “My goal would be able to have people stop by with their dress and take pictures with Trudy,” Blechman said.
other, see, Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
active, take, 	Wenger fears it will take time but insists the right deals will turn Arsenal into genuine title contenders next season after they made it four straight wins on the tour of Asia.
other, strengthen, 	"We still have a strong squad but we are there on the market to try to strengthen our team.
other, know, I don't know.
other, see, I have been away now for two or the weeks and it's hard to see how things are advanced because everyone is on tour at the moment and it's very difficult to get in touch with people.
other, take, Wilshere got a lot of fouls but it was planned before the game to take him of at half-time.
active, see, We saw overall a team who plays very deep defensively and comes out quickly so it was a good test for us.
active, take, It depends now how we well we recover from this trip because it was very difficult and it will certainly take a few days to recover from that."
